# Introduction and Project Background
In this project we performed machine learning on JMU IT Help Desk Support Tickets. We used a dataset of tickets that was extracted from the JMU IT Help desk from August 16, 2018 to October 31,2018. The datatype of our dataset is categorical data. The datafields we used from our extracted data are the troubleshooting notes and service grouping. Troubleshooting notes is a brief description of what was done during a IT support session. From the contents of the description a Help Desk Employee choose a service category from the list of existing service categories. Below are examples of what data for these two datafields look like. With our dataset we predicted the service categories for Support tickets in our dataset based off of keywords in the troubleshooting notes section. 

We used the Naive Bayes Machine learning model to form predictions. We did all of our data analysis, machine learning model processing, data testing, data training with the RapidMiner Software. We used Microsoft Excel to visualize our data along with https://voyant-tools.org to perform some visualization and text analysis. 

### Introduction visualizations 

## Constraints of Project
There were a few constraints with our dataset for this project. Some service categories were not included in the dataset because they were categories that were used by another department outside of the help desk. Along with this, tickets that included personally identifiable information were discarded from the dataset. Aside from these two constraints our data quality is really good. We had no tickets with the same troubleshooting notes, no zero value data, and no irrelevant data in our dataset. During data cleaning we only had to remove one service category because it only had one ticket associated with it. After data cleansing we trained our data by splitting 90% of the data into a testing dataset, where troubleshooting notes did not have an associated service grouping. The remaining 10% of our data was our machine learning model training set which included troubleshooting notes that were labeled. 
